[exporter/signalfxexporter] allow user to add their own CA to the cert pool (#16250)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/signalfxexporter/README.md

characters. Each nonalphanumeric dimension key character that isn't in this string 
will be replaced with a `_`.
- `max_connections` (default = 100):  The maximum number of idle HTTP connection the exporter can keep open.

> - `ingest_tls`: (no default) exposes a list of TLS settings that user can adjust.

Reviewer: Please mention that it's needed only in case when secure connection needs to be established between agent and the gateway

Author: done.thx

characters. Each nonalphanumeric dimension key character that isn't in this string 
will be replaced with a `_`.
- `max_connections` (default = 100):  The maximum number of idle HTTP connection the exporter can keep open.

> - `ingest_tls`: (no default) exposes a list of TLS settings that user can adjust.
>   Needed when secure connection is required between agent and gateway.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ingest_tls`: (no default) exposes a list of TLS settings to establish a secure connection with signafx receiver configured on another collector instance.
```

  - `ca_file` needs to be set if the exporter's `ingest_url` is pointing to a signalfx receiver
  with TLS enabled and using a self-signed certificate where its CA is not loaded in the system cert pool.
  Full list of TLS options can be found in the configtls [README](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/config/configtls#client-configuration) 
  The following example instructs the signalfx exporter ingest client to use a custom `ca_file` to verify the server certificate.
  ```yaml
  ingest_tls:
      ca_file: "/etc/opt/certs/ca.pem"
  ```

> - `api_tls`: (no default) exposes a list of TLS settings that user can adjust.
>   Needed when secure connection is required between agent and gateway.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `api_tls`: (no default) exposes a list of TLS settings to establish a secure connection with http_forwarder extension configured on another collector instance.
```
